Core Purpose: A full stop, ai-integrated creative suit that brings you from idea, to novel/screenplay, to final output video.
Example: Im just a guy with an idea. I want to maybe write a novel, or a screen play, or a comic, and then turn that idea into a workable pre-vis storyboard complete with audio, cohesive generated images etc. But I have no where to do this. Now, with World Crafter, you do. Get started with world crafter. start a project, pick novel, screenplay, or graphic novel. pick your genre, etc. from there, youre offered an extensive world bible that interacts with the entire app. create your world, charactrers, location, cultures, languages etc. go to the outline tab, and outline your entire story from start to finish, intelligently using the world bible to help you along the way. or, have your outline idea first? no problem. fill out your full outline, and the world bible will automatically begin filling itself in for you. no issues at all. From there, you can go into the manuscript section, and intelligently draw from your world bible, and your outline to help you write and craft your novel or screen play, assisted by templates, and AI integration (like sudowrite) complete your work. change some stuff along the way? no problem, just resync your world to your manuscript, or vice versa, and youre good to go. When you were creating your world, you would have also had the chance in the world bible builder to generate images of your locations and characters based off of their descriptions. Head on over to the storyboard section of the app. There, youll be able to easily start building out storyboards based intelligently based off of your manuscript. through these storyboards, itll help draw from the rest of the app, taking in the generated images of the characters and locations, integrating with the chapters or screenplay, generating perfect storyboards of your story. once youre done, head on over to pre-vis, where AI will take all of your storyboards, and use frame generation to make an episode or movie for you. head on over to score, to use something like (eleven labs) to do voice over or narration, or suno ai for scoring over your video. boom, youve gone from nothing to something. throuhought the entire process, you can use ai to help you. you can even choose to "brainstorm an idea" rather than open up a new blank project. everything you need creatively, right here. world builder.